with forgotten seasonal vegetables from us
brings you taste and fall in one fell swoop
variation in your dishes
kohlrabi is a cross of white cabbage
and white turnip
this forgotten vegetable has a fresh one
and sweet taste
if you want to use kohlrabi raw you must
first peel it with a knife
also cut out the lower part
after that you can put the kohlrabi in sticks
dice or cut fine slices or
grating
kohlrabi with the aperitif that is
original cut into bars and serve
with a dip of yogurt and fresh
herbs
these vegetables also gives a crispy and
fresh touch of salads along with
for instance
young shoots and a nut mix
You can also make slices or blocks of kohlrabi
Stew for 10 minutes in some delicious fat
with fish or poultry
or make a kohlrabi puree with
mashed potatoes and kohlrabi
some sour cream or yogurt and
finely chopped dill for a fresh one
taste test
slices of kohlrabi can also prepare you
grill pan to taste with
olive oil salt and pepper and fry until they are
nice and crispy
these original chips are a must
with poached or grilled fish
Kohlrabi is also delicious in the oven we
first boil the vegetables for 15 minutes
lightly salted water and then run
out with a coffee spoon
finely chop the flesh and mix
with rice tomato cubes for example
raisin mint and parsley
ideal as
full filling you have 15
minutes in the oven at 180 degrees
and finished
you can find whole on our tasty cooking site
some inspiring recipes with kohlrabi
and also discover our videos about it
other forgotten vegetables in the section
in the spotlight